Mob's Stamina: 0%
Mob Psycho 100
Come train!
The Body Improvement Club wants you!
Body Improvement!!
Lower Body Strengthening Month!!
Telepathy
Spirits and Such Consultation Office
An Invite to a Meeting
~Simply Put, I Just Want to Be Popular~
(LOL)
Mezato - Ichi
Smile Leaders
Progress Toward Mob's Explosion: 58%
Mob Psycho 100
Smile Leader No. 3
Progress Toward Mob's Explosion: 74%
Progress Toward Mob's Explosion: 88%
Progress Toward Mob's Explosion: 92%
Calm - Satisfaction - Admiration
Affinity - Curiosity - Hate - Relief
Evil Spirit: High-Level
Dimple
Spirits and Such Consultation Office
Get a Clue
Progress Toward Mob's Explosion: 0%
Progress Toward Mob's Explosion: 20%
Idiots Only Event
~Kin~